yo what's up everybody is your boy flaws
listen at the end of this video I'm
gonna give you a quick product update
now y'all know I don't normally do this
but on this is something I forgot to
mention during the video and something i
think i need to know I so stay tuned to
the end of this video let's get into it
yo what's up everybody is your boy flaws
back again with another video and today
we're going to take a look at the daikon
x4 power case for the Samsung Galaxy s4
all right now let me show you the
website real quick so you can see where
to get it from daikon calm now this is
the x4 so go to the website check it out
you could poison to read all the specs
for yourself but this is a good look
right let's take a look at it now this
is made for your galaxy s4 now this is a
3000 milliamp battery pack alright so
you're going to get total 50 600
milligrams so W battery capacity phone
case protection extend the battery life
raised bezel design compact slim design
this looks good let's take a look at the
back of the box the polls on time read
it for yourself but 3,000 milliamps made
for the galaxy s4 full case protection
they go some more to specs now this it
take six hours charging time this is a
good look ran okay so let's open it up
and see what it actually looks like ok
so this once you get inside the box now
y'all know I like companies that don't
want a nice screen protector so this is
a good look nice free screen protector
get the usual the books you get a micro
USB charger this is how you going to
charge the battery pack and you get the
actual case so the case itself actually
looks nice it's a nice looking case as
you can see three thousand milliamp
alright so let's drop the case so on and
see what it looks like let me go pull
out my s4 all right fellas got my s4
right here now let me show you how to
install this case first thing you want
to do pop off the battery cover and take
out your s4 battery now inside the case
you have three thousand million battery
you're going to put your stock battery
right inside the back ok so you snap
your stock battery here so now you got
your stock battery and you got the three
thousand million battery together okay
snaps right into place now all you do is
grab your s4 and you insert them the
insert both the batteries into u.s. for
next you separate the case you're going
to put the back cover on you're going to
hear a snap into place and you just flip
it around and you put the front on
everything snaps into place
okay so let's power up the s4
and that's all to it now this case it
feels nice doesn't make your phone that
tick I like the gray around the sides
that gives us that that metal look to it
even though it's plastic but it has that
nice quality look to it you see you have
your power button it's built into the
case same thing with your volume up and
down built into the case you got to cut
out for your 3.5 millimeter headphone
jack and you got to cut out for your
micro USB charger so let's check the
battery on this now so there we go my
now keep in mind my s4 was basically
completely dead but now we have extra
3000 the lamp to power it up for the
rest of the day ison I just to run you
about forty dollars I'll toda amazon
link up so you could copy it for
yourself but this is a win right here as
you can see also look how far the
cameras recessed in there so now when
you go somewhere you put your phone on
the table you don't got to worry about
your camera getting scratched up and
like I said doesn't make the phone that
that much more thick I think it's only
point seven millimeters thicker than it
was before but this is a good look right
got some company branding on the back
gotta cut out for your speakers this is
a good look right here so fellas check
this one out it's called the x4 power
case from daikon calm on the scale of
one to ten this is a win right here
so now I got power going back on my
phone again this is a good look fellas
check this one out for yourself shoutout
to everybody I rock with me on Facebook
Foursquare Twitter Google+ shout out to
all the Google gangsters I see our
holding down that Facebook page shoutout
to everybody hit me up on boxer and a
special shout-out to everybody rock on
me on instagram yeah I know that's what
we're doing in that full tongue hundred
percent sure board floss imma get up a
child in a minute I got another product
formed icon so we're going to take a
look at the power bank and see what
that's looking like all right chabad
floss or y'all haters or y'all trolls
you're back to your lunch I'm out deuces
yo what's up everybody I'm back again
real quick with a little update now one
thing I forgot to mention during the
video that separates this case from a
lot of the other battery cases out there
is this case doesn't overheat y'all seen
the Samsung video I did a long time ago
and I told you how that case got so hot
I couldn't even carry it well I had this
case in my pocket all day long look how
much battery I still got and the case is
cool to the touch so no overheating so
that's a major major go because you got
to remember this is not a battery in a
case you're actually putting your stock
battery into this battery and then
putting it into the phone so you're not
going to have to worry about the case
overheating not to mention the case just
looks and feels really nice you see that
silver trim that makes it look like the
stock phone so it doesn't add that much
thickness to the phone and it gives you
that stock look protection camera and
the phone is still light so I had to
mention that I normally don't do this
but I had to mention that to y'all
because this case is definitely hot this
it's probably going to be my my go-to
every day as for case cuz y'all know the
main problem with the s4 is the the
battery dies too fast so you got to get
either 20 lemon in one of those big
giant you know bulky extended batteries
or walk around with three four batteries
well when you get this case you're not
going to have that problem trust me you
got mad battery and no extra thickness
just a little bit thicker but not too
much and it just feels real nice in the
hand so I had to mention that in the
video for y'all the case does not
overheat all right shibori floss contra
throwing the next trip deuces